
```
Author:     Chase Hammond
Partner:    Teagan Smith
Start Date: 22-Nov-2024
Course:     CS 3500, University of Utah, School of Computing
GitHub ID:  tweagan11, chammond123
Repo:       https://github.com/uofu-cs3500-20-fall2024/assignment-eight-chatting-bros_before_nodes_game
Commit Date:11/22/2024
Solution:   SnakeGame
Copyright:  CS 3500 and Teagan Smith, Chase Hammond - This work may not be copied for use in Academic Coursework.
```


# Overview of the Web Server.

RUNS ON PORT 12000

This Project has been updated to use our previously created Snake Game Client as well as our networking class previously built
to create a server where we can host a website to display our captured records from the snake game. As our Snake game connects to
a database, it stores the following information
For Games:
	- GameID (Generated by DB Table)
	- Start Time
	- End Time of Game

For Players:
	- A Player ID (Per Game)
	- A Game ID (to Link to the specific game)
	- Max Score
	- Enter Time
	- Leave Time

This can also correctly handle multiple clients (or tabs open) due to a flag that sets the first person that joins as the "master"
snake. If they were to disconnect early, there are complexities that arise, but also we wouldn't have to deal with such complexities
if the DB Connection was built into the Server.

# Design Decisions
The design decisions we decided to implement are: 

- A Nice, updated looking Main Page
- Nice Looking Lists
- A back arrow to make navigation easy
- When handling DB connections, we noticed a big hit to performance of the program. To combat this, we created async Tasks that handle data not shared anywhere else.
- We implemented a Flag for a "Master" Snake, so the first one handles all connection to the database.

# Time to completion notes
All time spent on this assignment was done with pair programming.
The expected and actual times represent the input of both parters.

Expected time: 10h

Time Spent Learning: 1 hr
Time Spent Manually Testing: 3 hr
Time Spent Creating: 6 hrs
Time Spent Debugging:  3 hr

Actual Time: 13h

# Comments to evaluators:

Implementing an ORM based model was a little tricky at first, and trying to understand how the linked relations worked was a little tricky.
One way we saw this was if AI models are already inside of the game, a part of a previous game and then a "new" game is started, then the database
wants to update the AI's older game, but we found some workarounds in the mean time, recognizing them as new players. This would not
be an issue if the Server implemented the DB connections. :)

The only bug that we were able to find that was left was if we try to have AI's before logging on, and then we log on, it updates almost everything except for the correct leavetimes and entertimes. (Could be solved by a server implementation)

# Peer Programming:
Both parters were driven and committed to getting this assignment completed on time and at A quality. There weren't any disconnects in communication
or effort.  We both feel happy with how the pair programing proceeded.

# Consulted peers:
Chase Hammond
Teagan Smith
Jacob Erard
Dennis Panchecka

# References:
- https://chatgpt.com - No generated code was used, it was used for logic and syntax.
- https://getbootstrap.com/ - Bootstrap